Upon reaching the place where the now faded pillar of light shot up you see a black obelisk protruding from the earth with a peculiar sigil on it. You know these woods like the back of your hand and you are certain that this obelisk has never been there before.

Looking closer at the sigil you notice it has the shape of a roaring flame kept inside of a circle, not only that, but you also find a small protrusion below the sigil, just large enough to stand out. A whisper inside your mind urges you to pull on it and unable to resist the temptation you do just that. With only the slightest of force you are able to pry out a diamond shaped rod from the body of the obelisk. The sigil on the obelisk promptly disappears and the rod you pulled out starts disintegrating into black dust in your hand. Suddenly, a sharp pain radiates from your now dust-filled hand. You desperately try to shake the dust off but it sticks to you like feathers on hot tar. The pain intensifies and you scream in agony, clutching your wrist as if to stem the pain. The dust begins to enter and merge into your hand and starts forming the same ominous sigil that once was on the obelisk.
After what feels like a lifetime, you find yourself lying on your back with beads of sweat clinging to your brow. The pain has now dissipated and glancing to your hand you see a pitch black mark in the form of a hollow circle of flames, much like the one on the obelisk.

You rise up and leave the obelisk behind you as the exhaustion starts consuming you once more. You almost fall asleep while walking but somehow manage to stave off the tiredness long enough for you to get back home.
