## Battle in the king’s army

You decide that you must do your duty and show your bravery as a part of this kingdom. After all, you have an eerie feeling that you may be, in part, responsible for the goblin attack. The mark on your hand, which you have kept hidden with bandages, has ached ever since the attack on the village and your dreams have been filled with images of the black obelisk. You have tried to disregard these dreams as anxiety but hand has so far managed to be a painful reminder.

After relaying your account of the events to the king and the chancellor you offer yourself to fight in the kings army. Pleased with this, the chancellor directs you to the recruitment office in the military quarter. A palace guard guides you there and leaves you at the entrance. The recruitment office, sounding much more grand than it is, is in fact a tent. In front of the tent you see two guards stationed and a line of volunteers, eager to prove their worth in battle.

After only an hour or so you find yourself first in line and being beckoned by the stationed guard to enter the tent. Inside you see banners with the kingdoms crest hanging from the walls behind a desk, at which a clerk is seated. The clerk is a short, wire-framed man with a pair of glasses seated firmly on the bridge of his pointy nose. At either side of him are soldiers, you assume higher ranking as they seem much more hardened than the guards stationed outside. The clerk takes a quick glance at you and before you can even say your name he spits out “Colin, this one’s yours. He looks like he can hold a shield well enough.”. The clerk swiftly signs a piece of paper and hands it to the guard on the right. Colin, an ox of a man, grins widely and shoves a short-sword and a buckler into your arms. After taking your name and a worryingly few amount of details you are sent to the armoury to collect your new gear.
