When you arrive in the throne room you see the king standing on the balcony, donned in full armour and his kingly sword hanging from a belt at his side. His expression is firm and his gaze is fixed on the direction of **Villa Piscis**. Next to him you see a man clad in a black robe with purple and golden accents. You assume the man to be chancellor Regis, the kings closest council-member and a political genius. _“Years of peace and they choose to launch an assault now? Sire, you have long had enemies to the east, biding their time waiting for us to grow complacent. We must retaliate with a show of great force!”_ You hear Regis say in a hurried tone.

The kings brow furrows as he lets out a deep sigh. He looks down on the new wave of refugees and then turns to look at Regis. _“Is this truly a declaration of war? Should we not assume this is simply a herd of goblins raiding for food?”_ The king says, shaking his head. _“The last time we had any contact with these creatures they were content with their caves, though I do not understand it myself it seems to be their crude way of life.”_

_“Be that as it may, sire, if you do not take up arms against this threat other nobles may begin to question your rule.”_ Pleads the chancellor. _“Naturally I mean no offence, my liege.”_ He continues and bows in respect.
The king nods and waves his hand dismissively. _“You are right, of course. Regis, we must prepare for war.”_ He says finally, his gaze fixed to the east.

By this point, a scout hurries into the room bows before the king. _“Sire, the goblins have regrouped and a large force has begun marching towards the city!”_ He manages to say while attempting to catch his breath.

You definitely feel out of place as a simple farmer in the kings castle but you have a choice to make.
