When the sun finally sets and a blanket of darkness covers the city, you pull on a ragged cloak you were given by the guards during your arrival and make your way towards the city gates. You swiftly dash through the cramped alleyways, avoiding patrolling guards on the way. As you creep up to the gates, you notice two guards standing watch. The portcullis has not been lowered yet, however, it is likely to be dropped at the first sign of the goblins. You take this as a blessing as it means you have a direct way out of the city, as long as you’re not caught by the guards, of course. As if the gods themselves were listening to your thoughts, a loud bang is heard from the inside of a house near the gate. Out of the doors stumbles a drunk followed by what can only be assumed to be their spouse and child. The guards snap their attention to the noise and head over to deal with the situation. You thank your luck and make hurry your way through the gate and away from the city.

After an hour or so you arrive at the forest and realise that at your current pace it is going to take several days of travel to get back to the obelisk, and by that time the city may very well be overrun by goblins. You need a horse. Luckily, there seems to be a farm located just by the treeline, and by the looks of it, there is a strong possibility you can barter for a horse. As you approach, you see an older man being cornered by three individuals. At closer inspection, you can see the man is surrounded by three goblin scouts. Before you can act you are spotted by the panicked man. _“Please! Help me!”_ The man shouts to you, making the goblins aware of your presence. _“I’ll give you anything, anything you want!”_ He shouts again. You only have a few seconds before the goblins finish off the man and then turn their attention to you.
