After finally equipping your gear you find yourself standing amongst your designated platoon of soldiers. You have been assigned to an officer named Colin and are placed on the second line of defence. Colin, a stern but fair colonel, is a clear favourite amongst the soldiers. As he is almost a head or two over the common soldier he has no problem in his initial address.” For far too long have we been kept to these walls! It is time to face this goblin menace and show them the might of our swords!” Colin’s rallying cry is heard over the soldiers as you move out of the city gates behind the first line of defence.

A few hours pass as silence descends on the army. Tensions are high and all you can hear is the clink of armour and the petty bickering of officers. This precious silence is broken as you begin to hear a distant rumble from over the horizon. Soon this low rumble turns into screeches and metal banging against metal. It becomes a deafening sound as you come to realize that the herd of goblins that attacked your village pales in comparison to what is before you. A force of violence wielding blades, spiked clubs, and daggers charge towards you at an alarming speed as the officers bark orders to the first line. Surprisingly, when the first wave of goblins crash into the first line’s shields, it doesn’t break. You witness the carnage in front of you and all you feel is a ripple of force being sent back to you from this initial charge. More orders are barked from the officers and the soldiers answer with a push of their own. However, more goblins charge at the line and you see cracks beginning to form.
