Three goblins? Absolutely not! You would be lucky to take on even one, let alone three. Amid the shouts and curses coming from the old man you take a firm position of running away. Luckily, the goblins seem to be content with ransacking the farm and not paying you much mind. What were you even thinking? A farmer has no place trying to defeat goblins and saving others. If all it took were a pack of them to destroy your village then what chance would you alone stand against three of them. The ache in your hand snaps your mind back to reality and you realize that your legs are shaking from exhaustion.

You look around and find yourself alone in a forest only an hour or so away from the city. You must have lost your way somewhere along the path as you are now no closer to your goal than you were when you left the farm. You feel physically sick to your stomach and collapse against a tree, sinking into the ground. “But at least I’m safe.” You tell yourself, your voice shaking from last drops of adrenaline coursing through your veins. This all began when you touched that damned obelisk. You look at your hand and you see that the skin around the mark has reddened, as if it were infected. Your body begins to shake with exhaustion and the cold fear has yet to leave you. You contemplate your actions so far and make your final decision. It is time to make your way back to where it all began. Back to the black obelisk. Slowly, you feel your eyes grow heavy and you pass in and out of consciousness.
