You take a deep breath and let out a war-cry of which you didn’t even know you could. Your fellow soldiers rally at your side and join you in a push to aid the first line, filling the cracks made from the goblin horde. The second line crushes into the goblin force and you can feel the horde being pushed back. Slamming your shield forward your shield meets with a goblins crooked nose with a loud crack, you follow up with a thrust, ending the misfortunate life of your foe. For a while it feels like the horde of goblins is never-ending, for every combatant falling to your sword another one just steps forward to take its place. The grip of your sword is slippery from the gore and your shield-arm aches. So far you have only sustained small cuts that have grazed the gaps in your armour and shield, but you know if this continues, it is only a matter of time before your luck runs out.

However, as if the gods heard your plea for respite, you hear a loud horn play from inside the city-walls. You back up from the line and turn around only to see the king atop a black steed in his full set of armour, his sword drawn high into the sky. Behind him you see the kings cavalry armed to the teeth and ready for battle, their banners flying high, and their war-horns echoing all around you. King Roidür lowers his sword to point at the goblin horde and without uttering a single command the entire cavalry surges out of the gates and onto the battlefield. For a moment, fear grips your heart as the horses seemed to be going straight towards you but by the grace of these riders you are spared as the cavalry charges past you and the defensive lines into the now shaken goblins. The battle ends in moments as the goblin rear falters and the entire force begins to flee only to be chased down by the royal cavalry.

From behind you a voice you recognize enters your ears. “You have done well lad” The King rides up beside you and grins approvingly. ”Retreat with the rest of the defensive line. You have earned your rest.” His words echo with pride as he then charges onto the battlefield to join the rest of the cavalry.
