You feel the cold shiver of fear run along your spine as the cracks inside first line of defence begins to form. You look to either side of you and you see it in the eyes of the other soldiers as well, the fear of death. Panic begins to set in,_“You’re just a farmer, you’re not even supposed to be here…”._ You hear yourself mutter under your breath. Listening closely you can hear another soldier swear as your hesitation causes the cracks to get even larger. The screams from the first line seem to get even louder and for a brief moment you are able to get a good look at the oncoming horde of goblins. You feel your arms go limp and you drop your weapons. Just as you do, others beside you do the same.

The next thing you know, you are sprinting away from the city. What were you thinking? A farmer has no place amongst the defending force of a kingdom you don’t owe anything. If only a pack of those things were able to destroy your village then you would stand no chance against a horde of that size. The ache in your hand snaps your mind back to reality and you realize that your legs are shaking from exhaustion. You look around and find yourself alone in a forest only an hour or so away from the city. You must have lost your helmet and gloves somewhere along the way as you are now only clad in the most basic of armour. You feel physically sick to your stomach and collapse against a tree, sinking further into the ground. _“But at least I’m safe.”_ You tell yourself, your voice shaking from last drops of adrenaline coursing through your veins. This all began when you touched that damned obelisk. You look at your hand and you see that the skin around the mark has reddened, as if it were infected. Your body begins to shake with exhaustion and the cold fear has yet to leave you. You contemplate your actions so far and make your final decision. It is time to make your way back to where it all began. Back to the black obelisk. Slowly, you feel your eyes grow heavy and you pass in and out of consciousness.
