# Chapter 2: Battle in the King's Army or explore the caves unaided.

Upon arriving in the city you find yourself in awe of the many colours and scents you could never dream of experiencing in Villa Pisci. Usually the city would be booming with peddlers trying to sell their wares to novice adventurers, or children playing in the streets chasing each other while mimicking their heroes from some historic battle. However, today was no such day. It is hard for the city to keep its usual level of cheer when the gates are suddenly flooded by refugees.

After some pushing and shoving you are able to get to one of the guards, telling him you must have an audience with the king. A large, pig-faced man steps forward holding his hand up high, catching the crowds attention and silencing you. He begins eyeing the crowd up and down and with a satisfied grunt he begins speaking. "Fear not weary souls, for you are safe behind these walls. King Roidür is a good and charitable liege, and he will come make sure you are cared for, for you are his people!". His speech seems to rally some of the wearier refugees and with a content grin he signals for some of his subordinates to begin picking out those fit enough for being drafted into the kings army. He then grabs you buy the shoulder and nods towards the castle. “You seem strong, young man. Go to the palace and tell your tale to the king. I am sure he will want to hear it.” His inspiring voice seems to give you some strength and you swiftly make your way to the castle.
