The child pulls back its hood and finally you can see what is there. Before you stands a goblin. Its features not quite as rough as those you have seen previously, some features even reminiscent of a human. You feel your jaw drop as you have never before heard of a goblin with human-like intelligence. “Oh come now, surely you cannot be so surprised. Your race had grown complacent, arrogant, even going so far to believe you were above the natural law.” He shakes his head. “You, my silly chosen one, are but a pawn of my design, a variable in a grander scheme.” You see the goblins form shudder for a moment and as if an illusion breaking, it begins to morph. Its arms and legs beginning to elongate and stretch, and its face shifting from a goblins to a beautiful woman’s visage. Long, curved horns sprout from its head and a whip-like tail cracks the air.

She grins widely at you, finding an amusement to your look of horror. “You must believe me when I tell you, you truly are not special. Good-bye, chosen one, your death will be the birth of a new world.” Her silken voice lingers for a moment in your mind and before you can react she snaps her fingers and she disappears. In her absence, however, you notice a light emanating from the obelisk and suddenly, a great, black bear steps out from the very obelisk as if using it as a gate. The bear looks like nothing you have ever seen before. Its fur bristled and tentacles protruding from its neck grasping for anything in their reach. On its face where you expect a pair of eyes you find five crimson sockets leaking a heavy, black smoke. Your heart sinks as its gaze descends upon you and it lets out a gurgling roar.
